# Web scraping and analysis
This project aims to extract data from the sports stats website sofascore.com to analyse the predictive ability of users' guesses about sport events. In particular, sofascore.com provides a tool that allows users to make predictions about the outcome of sport events. In addition, it provides the closing odds offered by a bookmaker and the outcome of the event. All this information is loaded to the website thorugh Java Script and it can be accessed through the use of APIs. Using Python and http.client the APIs were accessed and the relevant information for all tennis matches from the 1st of January 2024 till the 3rd of June 2024 was stored in a dataframe. The information contains names of the players, outcome, timestamp, match id, user votes and odds for player 1 victory and for player 2 victory. 

The analysis of the data was conducted by considering only the events that presented a number of users' votes larger than 500. The data was used to calculate the probabilities implied by the votes and the probabilities implied by the odds. Then, it was divided into bins based on the probability implied by votes to obtain an estimate of the probability density. In addition, estimated probabilities were analysed for matches where the probabilities implied by votes and the probabilities implied by odds diverged considerably. 

Results showed that closing odds are more successfull at estimating the probability of outcomes for tennis matches than users' guesses.
